beauty gal is making a video
now about the clutch just arrived
for me here
the plateau by 1200 pounds of max power from
Friend paulo helio in goiânia
Let's use plates of 1,200 books
with six games without a ball
so here pick in the steering wheel
we did a cleaning service here
there is the ancient plateau that occurs
when the guy was with me the original
was using the actor luke original line
mounting bracket of 1.8 or 2.0 that the same
rapporteur was being used with
reacting this day 6 tablets in timbre
Mora was walking with him six in the
turbine master power model r 474 that
missed 47 middle 49 axis
I believe that between 233 40 horses and
that it's expression did not slip
endured beauty so the tip for those who do not
want to put a stronger normal plateau
to keep the pedal hard
a good request is the original dish look
1.8 and 2.0 which is the same for both
6- disk drive
no group move is legal
sometimes a little bit of trepidation
first and second also when you
walking is good will have to take a
little more nothing too excessive and
arrived for me is today the actor thousand and 200
pounds here plus one and the parts design
and we are going to wait for the moment of
assembly here to read what you have to
notion I rode approximately 1300 and
1400 kilometers in the car walking with
pressure on you at the beginning after I
I came back to that 4 because the suspension
It's a little more comfortable with that.
is trailing too late
marches is not to have to
car suspension gets tougher already
that car to the street
at that time he decided to download pre sal pl 4
so it was cool and it was not even
selecting third test at high
third rotation downtown chapter
demand may pressure the
still shares according to measurement side
of max power galera spent 1
millimeters only
or that nothing the matches are in state
New York also takes into account that
the original plateau does not have as much load
but one did not use good touches
short
taking into account that my
original can not also reinforce the
too much bug
Now, this whole set here says that six
matches without ball is agile and 200 free
now you can push a little more
wind is going to be the end of the joke is
That's it folks to show you here
logo and lux logo and this is the
model is that she is arrested by
by locks that here in this place
are proofs
somewhat less resistant in the case and was
turn into 200 pounds of our
province that the difference is this here is
the model a little older but here it is
by pim is locked by pina controlled
with horribilis pins I do not know what to say
that's right
it has a much greater resistance than
this younger model he found
with engine power
This lock has opened and she starts the game.
People, I had to be passing by.
You information today is this.
so another thing I walked
Searching the galera is using a lot of
cut the fork and lengthen a little
or use original santana
that is greater than that of the goal gives
to achieve also serves would be the
between the goal and the
santana getting lighter
even admitting 200 pounds with fork
stretched to get cooler but more
light in goias will increase slightly
course reminds us but this is it for
who does not like heavy team that uses the
car on a daily basis is a good request there
to make the trip lighter
cool, cool, that's it, guys
I hug everyone and see you